Models
View
Controller
Assets
Views


1 - what models in app?
    eg a todo is an entity (nouns)
    list of todos

    2 models
    1 - todo
    2 - list


2 - create db connection


Can we create a template of the process?

docker example too?
At what point to add it to github?
.gitignore file...
.htaccess file...?

Models:

Models represent the data and business logic of your application.
Files commonly kept in the Models folder include PHP classes or files that define the data structure, interact with the database, and handle business logic.
Example: User.php, Product.php, Order.php

Views:

Views are responsible for presenting the data to the user.
Files in the Views folder contain the HTML markup, CSS styles, and sometimes JavaScript code.
Example: home.php, profile.php, product_details.php

Controllers:

Controllers handle the communication between models and views. They receive requests, process the data, and determine which views to display.
Files in the Controllers folder include PHP classes or files that handle the routing and contain methods/functions to respond to user requests.
Example: HomeController.php, UserController.php, ProductController.php

Assets:

Assets folder is used to store static files such as images, JavaScript libraries, CSS files, and other resources used by the views.
Files commonly kept in the Assets folder include images (logo.png, background.jpg), CSS files (style.css), JavaScript files (script.js), and other static resources.
Example: assets/css/style.css, assets/js/script.js, assets/images/logo.png




22/12/23
1 - added css to space margin in input-box-container
2 - added font awesome to index.html so can use trash can icons
  - likewise for the burger menu icon.
3 - increased size of checkbox using:

    input.default-checkbox {
    width: 20px;
    height: 20px;
    border: solid black;
    }
4 - added Second to do list by copying HTML from the first one.

Need to create button to create new list√
Are we also doing the iphone appearance?
Checkbox text colour change?
Text box needs resizing.
Trash cans should be lighter colour grey.

/Applications/MAMP/htdocs/Tom Lessons/TP_OOP/todo list/frontend/index.html


